[Music]
foreign
I just feel so blessed to have won the
SEO World Series in spite of the
algorithms we've battled through the
apps and the downs and we've persevered
with our rankings I want to thank my mum
my wife my family I want to thank God
and all my teammates without you I
wouldn't be here and now I want to take
a few questions
yeah you over there Hudson Taylor here
from suspn DeSean can you tell us the
secret to your success this season ah
screw it I'll give you the secret sauce
all of our competitors have been
creating content to please the search
engines us we've been building out our
team plays for our audience our ideal
clients the customers we're actually
going to work with we're working through
the plays working through the strategies
working through the tactics going with a
people first approach we're answering
their questions we're addressing their
problems we're creating content that
educates and puts us as the go-to in our
sector that's the Play Still if you won
we're still going to win Hudson Taylor
again DeSean there are some reports that
you were caught in a nightclub trading
links could you tell us what happened
no no no comment next question
me again DeSean you're a role model it's
the younger generation what advice would
you give to up and coming SEO hopefuls
you've got to run through your place
yourself I would expect you to do
anything I wouldn't do myself so this
means SEO do your own experience set up
your own website set up your own blog
build up your own articles learn to rank
for something you're passionate about
first before you take it into a business
landscape
SEO spn's finest here
John there's been another
princess
what do you have to say about that
there's no SEO link juice here son all
organic baby
my final question to Sean a lot of
people are talking about Bard and eeat
do you think they might challenge you
for the World Series next season but
this ain't no Pub get out of here son
but in all seriousness AI chat gbt but
at the moment the algorithm can read if
you're being a robot if you're putting
out spammy content you've got to be
unique so yeah you can use these tools
to guide you but you don't want to be
their sole purpose as the eeat
experience expertise Authority trust we
got a hands-on experience in the field
you gotta know what you're talking about
you've got to educate the market and
show that you're the go-to resource if
you want to win the World Series of SEO
I want to thank you all for your time
appreciate it God bless
catch you soon